Ques1. What is Emmet?
Ans. Emmet is a plugin inbuilt in VS code used to get code snippets of HTML and CSS using specific words. 

Ques2. Difference between Library and Framework.
Ans. Library is called inside our code and has less number of rules. Eg: JQuery and ReactJS
     Framework calls the code and is bounded by rules. Eg: Spring, NodeJS, AngularJS VueJS etc.

Ques3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Ans. Content delivery network is group of servers spread accross different geographical locations worldwide to enable quick delivery of a website's content.
     Benefits of CDN: 1. improves website page load time 2. Improves website security.
     
Ques4. Why is React known as React?
Ans. React renders everything that is changing in the webpage constantly. The change being made depends upon the changes in the state of the application. 
     So, reacting to every change in the state got React to be called React.
    
Ques5. What is crossorigin in script tag?
Ans. Crossorigin attribute is used to set the mode of request to CORS (Cross origin resource sharing) request. Its purpose is to share the resources from one
     domain to another domain. It is used to handle CORS request and checks if it is safe to share resources between domains.

Ques6. Difference between React and ReactDOM.
Ans. React is responsible for creating UIs and ReactDOM is responsible for rendering UI in browser.

Ques8. What is async and defer?
Ans. Async and defer are attributes of script tag used to specify how browser should handle the script when loading a page.
     By Default: While parsing the HTML code when browser encounters script tag, it pauses the parsing, fetches the script from network and executes the script 
                 then and there. Ince the script is executed after that browser resumes HTML parsing.

     Using async attribute: While HTML parsing is going on, scripts are fetched from the network asynchronously, once scripts are fetched, HTML parsing pauses 
                            and scripts are executed then and there and once the scripts are executed, HTML parsing resumes.
                            
     Using defer attribute: Feches the script while HTML parsing is going on but executes the script only when HTML parsing is finished.
